descriptor,5,abandoned,negative
descriptor,4,accusing,negative
descriptor,5,arrogant,negative
descriptor,2,begging,negative
descriptor,5,bewildered,negative
descriptor,1,biting,negative
descriptor,4,combative,negative
descriptor,1,coughing,negative
descriptor,4,creeping,negative
descriptor,3,criticizing,negative
descriptor,1,crying,negative
descriptor,3,cursed,negative
descriptor,3,damaged,negative
descriptor,4,dangerous,negative
descriptor,4,defeated,negative
descriptor,3,destroying,negative
descriptor,1,drinking,negative
descriptor,4,enraged,negative
descriptor,1,evil,negative
descriptor,3,failing,negative
descriptor,1,fighting,negative
descriptor,4,flustered,negative
descriptor,3,frightened,negative
descriptor,1,frowning,negative
descriptor,2,grumpy,negative
descriptor,4,harmful,negative
descriptor,2,hated,negative
descriptor,3,hideous,negative
descriptor,1,hitting,negative
descriptor,2,hurting,negative
descriptor,4,illegal,negative
descriptor,3,jealous,negative
descriptor,5,klutzy,negative
descriptor,2,lazy,negative
descriptor,3,lesser,negative
descriptor,1,mad,negative
descriptor,5,narcissistic,negative
descriptor,3,nasty,negative
descriptor,2,nauseous,negative
descriptor,4,needy,negative
descriptor,2,nervous,negative
descriptor,4,obnoxious,negative
descriptor,2,odorous,negative
descriptor,3,petty,negative
descriptor,3,questionable,negative
descriptor,3,quitting,negative
descriptor,3,rabid,negative
descriptor,2,radioactive,negative
descriptor,3,repulsive,negative
descriptor,1,sad,negative
descriptor,1,screaming,negative
descriptor,1,stealing,negative
descriptor,3,terrible,negative
descriptor,3,thoughtless,negative
descriptor,3,threatening,negative
descriptor,1,ugly,negative
descriptor,1,unlucky,negative
descriptor,3,unpleasant,negative
descriptor,3,uptight,negative
descriptor,3,wasteful,negative
descriptor,2,weak,negative
descriptor,4,wrathful,negative
descriptor,3,acting,neutral
descriptor,5,active,neutral
descriptor,3,agreeing,neutral
descriptor,2,aiming,neutral
descriptor,2,ancient,neutral
descriptor,3,apologizing,neutral
descriptor,2,astonished,neutral
descriptor,3,attached,neutral
descriptor,3,balancing,neutral
descriptor,2,bending,neutral
descriptor,3,blushing,neutral
descriptor,2,boiling,neutral
descriptor,2,bouncing,neutral
descriptor,1,bowing,neutral
descriptor,3,breakdancing,neutral
descriptor,4,broadcasting,neutral
descriptor,2,building,neutral
descriptor,1,burning,neutral
descriptor,2,buying,neutral
descriptor,3,calculating,neutral
descriptor,5,carefree,neutral
descriptor,5,cautious,neutral
descriptor,2,chopping,neutral
descriptor,1,clapping,neutral
descriptor,1,climbing,neutral
descriptor,4,competing,neutral
descriptor,2,cooking,neutral
descriptor,3,counting,neutral
descriptor,3,crawling,neutral
descriptor,4,deep,neutral
descriptor,3,delivering,neutral
descriptor,2,digging,neutral
descriptor,2,diving,neutral
descriptor,3,dragging,neutral
descriptor,2,drawing,neutral
descriptor,1,dreaming,neutral
descriptor,3,drilling,neutral
descriptor,1,driving,neutral
descriptor,2,dropping,neutral
descriptor,1,eating,neutral
descriptor,5,emotional,neutral
descriptor,4,enchanted,neutral
descriptor,4,expanding,neutral
descriptor,4,exploring,neutral
descriptor,3,fake,neutral
descriptor,4,famous,neutral
descriptor,3,fancy,neutral
descriptor,2,feeding,neutral
descriptor,4,feisty,neutral
descriptor,1,flying,neutral
descriptor,2,free,neutral
descriptor,1,freezing,neutral
descriptor,1,giant,neutral
descriptor,4,glowing,neutral
descriptor,3,growing,neutral
descriptor,2,hiding,neutral
descriptor,2,holding,neutral
descriptor,2,hopping,neutral
descriptor,5,immortal,neutral
descriptor,4,introverted,neutral
descriptor,3,inventing,neutral
descriptor,2,investigating,neutral
descriptor,3,investing,neutral
descriptor,4,jagged,neutral
descriptor,4,jittery,neutral
descriptor,1,jumping,neutral
descriptor,4,jumpy,neutral
descriptor,1,kicking,neutral
descriptor,4,kissable,neutral
descriptor,2,kneeling,neutral
descriptor,4,lawful,neutral
descriptor,3,leaning,neutral
descriptor,3,lifting,neutral
descriptor,3,listening,neutral
descriptor,2,lonely,neutral
descriptor,1,loud,neutral
descriptor,3,magical,neutral
descriptor,2,melting,neutral
descriptor,3,mowing,neutral
descriptor,2,musical,neutral
descriptor,4,natural,neutral
descriptor,1,new,neutral
descriptor,4,normal,neutral
descriptor,5,original,neutral
descriptor,4,outgoing,neutral
descriptor,2,painting,neutral
descriptor,4,passionate,neutral
descriptor,3,peeling,neutral
descriptor,3,planning,neutral
descriptor,3,playful,neutral
descriptor,1,pointing,neutral
descriptor,2,pouring,neutral
descriptor,3,powerful,neutral
descriptor,1,proposing,neutral
descriptor,1,pulling,neutral
descriptor,1,pushing,neutral
descriptor,1,quiet,neutral
descriptor,3,quirky,neutral
descriptor,5,radical,neutral
descriptor,1,reading,neutral
descriptor,3,retiring,neutral
descriptor,2,robotic,neutral
descriptor,1,romantic,neutral
descriptor,1,running,neutral
descriptor,3,sarcastic,neutral
descriptor,4,sassy,neutral
descriptor,3,scented,neutral
descriptor,3,sensitive,neutral
descriptor,3,shaking,neutral
descriptor,1,shooting,neutral
descriptor,2,sinking,neutral
descriptor,1,sitting,neutral
descriptor,1,sleeping,neutral
descriptor,3,sneaking,neutral
descriptor,3,sneaky,neutral
descriptor,2,sneezing,neutral
descriptor,2,snoring,neutral
descriptor,4,sparkling,neutral
descriptor,2,spelling,neutral
descriptor,2,spitting,neutral
descriptor,3,steaming,neutral
descriptor,2,streaming,neutral
descriptor,3,stretching,neutral
descriptor,3,studying,neutral
descriptor,2,sweeping,neutral
descriptor,1,swimming,neutral
descriptor,2,talkative,neutral
descriptor,1,tall,neutral
descriptor,3,tempting,neutral
descriptor,1,thinking,neutral
descriptor,1,undead,neutral
descriptor,2,vaulting,neutral
descriptor,3,wacky,neutral
descriptor,3,waiting,neutral
descriptor,1,walking,neutral
descriptor,1,warm,neutral
descriptor,1,watching,neutral
descriptor,2,whipping,neutral
descriptor,3,whistling,neutral
descriptor,3,wild,neutral
descriptor,1,yawning,neutral
descriptor,1,young,neutral
descriptor,5,academic,positive
descriptor,3,adorable,positive
descriptor,3,adoring,positive
descriptor,4,attractive,positive
descriptor,4,brainy,positive
descriptor,3,celebrating,positive
descriptor,5,charismatic,positive
descriptor,3,charming,positive
descriptor,2,cheerful,positive
descriptor,3,clever,positive
descriptor,4,courageous,positive
descriptor,1,dancing,positive
descriptor,2,delicious,positive
descriptor,3,divine,positive
descriptor,4,flawless,positive
descriptor,4,generous,positive
descriptor,4,gentle,positive
descriptor,4,gifted,positive
descriptor,3,healthy,positive
descriptor,3,heroic,positive
descriptor,1,laughing,positive
descriptor,2,lovable,positive
descriptor,1,lucky,positive
descriptor,5,majestic,positive
descriptor,1,nice,positive
descriptor,4,patient,positive
descriptor,5,peaceful,positive
descriptor,2,pretty,positive
descriptor,1,smiling,positive
descriptor,4,talented,positive
descriptor,4,trustworthy,positive
descriptor,2,winning,positive
descriptor,2,wise,positive
descriptor,5,acceptable,slight-positive
descriptor,3,affordable,slight-positive
descriptor,4,calm,slight-positive
descriptor,2,fashionable,slight-positive
descriptor,4,fearless,slight-positive
descriptor,3,hilarious,slight-positive
descriptor,1,hugging,slight-positive
descriptor,2,kingly,slight-positive
descriptor,5,memorable,slight-positive
descriptor,5,perceptive,slight-positive
descriptor,4,professional,slight-positive
descriptor,3,proud,slight-positive
descriptor,1,quick,slight-positive
descriptor,2,relaxing,slight-positive
descriptor,3,relieved,slight-positive
descriptor,5,respectable,slight-positive
descriptor,4,responsible,slight-positive
descriptor,1,singing,slight-positive
descriptor,3,skipping,slight-positive
descriptor,1,tasty,slight-positive
descriptor,4,victorious,slight-positive
descriptor,1,wealthy,slight-positive
descriptor,3,witty,slight-positive
evaluation descriptor,1,angriest,
evaluation descriptor,1,baddest,
evaluation descriptor,1,best,
evaluation descriptor,1,biggest,
evaluation descriptor,1,bravest,
evaluation descriptor,1,brightest,
evaluation descriptor,1,busiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,calmest,
evaluation descriptor,1,cheapest,
evaluation descriptor,1,chillest,
evaluation descriptor,1,cleanest,
evaluation descriptor,1,coldest,
evaluation descriptor,1,creepiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,crunchiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,cutest,
evaluation descriptor,1,dullest,
evaluation descriptor,1,eldest,
evaluation descriptor,1,fairest,
evaluation descriptor,1,fanciest,
evaluation descriptor,1,filthiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,frailest,
evaluation descriptor,1,friendliest,
evaluation descriptor,1,grumpiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,happiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,hungriest,
evaluation descriptor,1,itchiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,kindest,
evaluation descriptor,1,laziest,
evaluation descriptor,1,loneliest,
evaluation descriptor,1,longest,
evaluation descriptor,1,loveliest,
evaluation descriptor,1,luckiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,nastiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,newest,
evaluation descriptor,1,oddest,
evaluation descriptor,1,proudest,
evaluation descriptor,1,richest,
evaluation descriptor,1,saddest,
evaluation descriptor,1,scariest,
evaluation descriptor,1,sickest,
evaluation descriptor,1,silliest,
evaluation descriptor,1,sleepiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,smartest,
evaluation descriptor,1,strangest,
evaluation descriptor,1,tastiest,
evaluation descriptor,1,toughest,
evaluation descriptor,1,wildest,
noun,3,aardvark,animal
noun,2,alligator,animal
noun,2,ant,animal
noun,4,armadillo,animal
noun,5,axolotl,animal
noun,3,badger,animal
noun,1,bat,animal
noun,2,bee,animal
noun,3,beetle,animal
noun,1,butterfly,animal
noun,1,camel,animal
noun,4,capybara,animal
noun,1,cat,animal
noun,2,catfish,animal
noun,2,catterpillar,animal
noun,2,centipede,animal
noun,3,chameleon,animal
noun,3,cheetah,animal
noun,2,chicken,animal
noun,3,chipmunk,animal
noun,4,cobra,animal
noun,1,cow,animal
noun,2,crab,animal
noun,4,cricket,animal
noun,1,dog,animal
noun,2,dolphin,animal
noun,2,duck,animal
noun,2,eel,animal
noun,1,elephant,animal
noun,4,ferret,animal
noun,1,fish,animal
noun,3,flamingo,animal
noun,2,fox,animal
noun,1,frog,animal
noun,1,giraffe,animal
noun,1,goat,animal
noun,4,gopher,animal
noun,1,gorilla,animal
noun,3,grasshopper,animal
noun,3,hamster,animal
noun,3,hedgehog,animal
noun,3,hippo,animal
noun,1,horse,animal
noun,3,hyena,animal
noun,5,iguana,animal
noun,3,jellyfish,animal
noun,2,kangaroo,animal
noun,3,koala,animal
noun,1,ladybug,animal
noun,4,lemur,animal
noun,1,lion,animal
noun,3,llama,animal
noun,3,lobster,animal
noun,3,manatee,animal
noun,2,monkey,animal
noun,1,moose,animal
noun,4,moth,animal
noun,1,mouse,animal
noun,3,otter,animal
noun,3,owl,animal
noun,2,panda,animal
noun,3,peacock,animal
noun,3,pelican,animal
noun,1,pig,animal
noun,3,piranha,animal
noun,3,platypus,animal
noun,3,porcupine,animal
noun,3,possum,animal
noun,2,puppy,animal
noun,1,rabbit,animal
noun,3,raccoon,animal
noun,1,rat,animal
noun,3,reindeer,animal
noun,1,rhino,animal
noun,3,robin,animal
noun,4,salamander,animal
noun,3,seagull,animal
noun,3,seahorse,animal
noun,3,seal,animal
noun,1,shark,animal
noun,3,shrimp,animal
noun,2,skunk,animal
noun,2,sloth,animal
noun,2,slug,animal
noun,1,snail,animal
noun,1,snake,animal
noun,1,spider,animal
noun,1,squid,animal
noun,1,squirrel,animal
noun,2,swordfish,animal
noun,3,tiger,animal
noun,1,turtle,animal
noun,1,walrus,animal
noun,3,warthog,animal
noun,1,wasp,animal
noun,1,whale,animal
noun,1,wolf,animal
noun,1,worm,animal
noun,2,zebra,animal
noun,1,arm,body
noun,3,beak,body
noun,2,blood,body
noun,1,brain,body
noun,2,cheek,body
noun,2,chin,body
noun,3,claw,body
noun,1,ear,body
noun,1,elbow,body
noun,1,eye,body
noun,1,face,body
noun,1,foot,body
noun,2,feathers,body
noun,1,hair,body
noun,1,hand,body
noun,1,head,body
noun,1,heart,body
noun,3,injury,body
noun,3,jaw,body
noun,4,kidney,body
noun,1,knee,body
noun,1,leg,body
noun,3,lips,body
noun,3,lung,body
noun,3,medicine,body
noun,4,mind,body
noun,1,mouth,body
noun,2,nose,body
noun,5,plumage,body
noun,4,skin,body
noun,2,skull,body
noun,2,stomach,body
noun,3,talon,body
noun,2,tail,body
noun,2,teeth,body
noun,4,throat,body
noun,2,tongue,body
noun,2,whisker,body
noun,3,wing,body
noun,2,birthday,event
noun,4,celebration,event
noun,3,championship,event
noun,3,day,event
noun,2,death,event
noun,2,dinner,event
noun,4,disaster,event
noun,5,election,event
noun,4,exam,event
noun,3,funeral,event
noun,3,midnight,event
noun,2,morning,event
noun,1,night,event
noun,4,operation,event
noun,2,surgery,event
noun,1,wedding,event
noun,1,apple,food
noun,4,asparagus,food
noun,2,avocado,food
noun,3,bacon,food
noun,1,bagel,food
noun,1,banana,food
noun,2,bean,food
noun,1,bread,food
noun,1,broccoli,food
noun,3,burrito,food
noun,1,cake,food
noun,1,carrot,food
noun,3,celery,food
noun,1,cheese,food
noun,1,cherry,food
noun,1,chips,food
noun,1,coffee,food
noun,1,cookie,food
noun,1,corn,food
noun,2,cracker,food
noun,2,cucumber,food
noun,3,curry,food
noun,1,egg,food
noun,4,falafel,food
noun,5,fondue,food
noun,1,fries,food
noun,2,garlic,food
noun,3,ginger,food
noun,1,grapes,food
noun,3,guacamole,food
noun,2,ham,food
noun,1,hamburger,food
noun,1,honey,food
noun,1,hotdog,food
noun,3,hummus,food
noun,1,ice cream,food
noun,3,jam,food
noun,3,juice,food
noun,4,kabob,food
noun,3,ketchup,food
noun,3,kiwi,food
noun,3,lasagna,food
noun,2,lettuce,food
noun,2,macaroni,food
noun,3,meatballs,food
noun,4,meatloaf,food
noun,1,mushroom,food
noun,1,nachos,food
noun,3,omelet,food
noun,2,onion,food
noun,1,orange,food
noun,2,pancakes,food
noun,3,pea,food
noun,1,pepper,food
noun,2,pie,food
noun,1,pineapple,food
noun,1,pizza,food
noun,3,popsicle,food
noun,3,porkchops,food
noun,2,potato,food
noun,2,pudding,food
noun,1,pumpkin,food
noun,3,raisin,food
noun,1,raspberry,food
noun,3,ravioli,food
noun,3,rice,food
noun,1,salad,food
noun,1,sandwich,food
noun,4,smoothie,food
noun,2,soup,food
noun,2,spaghetti,food
noun,1,steak,food
noun,4,stirfry,food
noun,2,strawberry,food
noun,1,taco,food
noun,3,tea,food
noun,4,tofu,food
noun,2,tomato,food
noun,3,tortilla,food
noun,2,watermelon,food
noun,2,yogurt,food
noun,4,zucchini,food
noun,3,airport,location
noun,2,aquarium,location
noun,4,arcade,location
noun,3,arena,location
noun,3,attic,location
noun,3,balcony,location
noun,3,bank,location
noun,4,barracks,location
noun,3,basement,location
noun,2,beach,location
noun,4,bottom,location
noun,1,bridge,location
noun,4,cabin,location
noun,3,cafe,location
noun,3,canyon,location
noun,1,castle,location
noun,1,church,location
noun,2,circus,location
noun,3,classroom,location
noun,1,cliff,location
noun,4,club,location
noun,3,college,location
noun,3,crater,location
noun,3,dealership,location
noun,1,desert,location
noun,4,drive-thru,location
noun,3,dungeon,location
noun,2,elevator,location
noun,4,factory,location
noun,1,farm,location
noun,3,garden,location
noun,2,graveyard,location
noun,5,hall,location
noun,3,highway,location
noun,1,hospital,location
noun,3,hotel,location
noun,1,house,location
noun,1,island,location
noun,3,jailcell,location
noun,2,lab,location
noun,2,lake,location
noun,3,library,location
noun,3,mall,location
noun,4,marketplace,location
noun,3,museum,location
noun,3,office,location
noun,1,park,location
noun,4,pier,location
noun,3,pizzeria,location
noun,1,pool,location
noun,1,pyramid,location
noun,4,resort,location
noun,3,restaurant,location
noun,2,river,location
noun,4,sauna,location
noun,1,school,location
noun,4,settlement,location
noun,4,shelter,location
noun,5,simulation,location
noun,4,spa,location
noun,3,station,location
noun,3,summit,location
noun,2,tavern,location
noun,3,theater,location
noun,2,tomb,location
noun,4,townhall,location
noun,1,treehouse,location
noun,1,tunnel,location
noun,2,zoo,location
noun,3,ball,object
noun,2,baseball,object
noun,2,basket,object
noun,1,bathtub,object
noun,2,board,object
noun,1,book,object
noun,1,box,object
noun,3,cabinet,object
noun,1,camera,object
noun,3,card,object
noun,1,chest,object
noun,1,cigarette,object
noun,4,clothing,object
noun,1,computer,object
noun,2,desk,object
noun,1,diamond,object
noun,3,dirt,object
noun,2,disk,object
noun,4,drawer,object
noun,2,drawing,object
noun,4,engine,object
noun,1,fire,object
noun,1,football,object
noun,3,frame,object
noun,1,garbage,object
noun,2,gate,object
noun,2,gift,object
noun,3,groceries,object
noun,1,guitar,object
noun,1,hat,object
noun,3,homework,object
noun,2,ice,object
noun,1,key,object
noun,1,ladder,object
noun,2,light,object
noun,1,line,object
noun,3,list,object
noun,3,machine,object
noun,2,magazine,object
noun,1,map,object
noun,3,menu,object
noun,3,message,object
noun,2,metal,object
noun,1,money,object
noun,3,movie,object
noun,3,mud,object
noun,2,music,object
noun,2,newspaper,object
noun,3,note,object
noun,2,oil,object
noun,2,oven,object
noun,2,painting,object
noun,2,paper,object
noun,1,phone,object
noun,1,photo,object
noun,1,piano,object
noun,4,poem,object
noun,1,pot,object
noun,1,radio,object
noun,1,refrigerator,object
noun,1,road,object
noun,1,rock,object
noun,1,shirt,object
noun,3,sign,object
noun,3,speaker,object
noun,1,square,object
noun,1,star,object
noun,1,sun,object
noun,1,table,object
noun,4,accountant,profession
noun,4,actor,profession
noun,5,advisor,profession
noun,3,animator,profession
noun,2,archer,profession
noun,4,astronomer,profession
noun,3,babysitter,profession
noun,4,banker,profession
noun,3,bartender,profession
noun,3,beekeeper,profession
noun,3,bodyguard,profession
noun,4,boss,profession
noun,1,boxer,profession
noun,3,builder,profession
noun,2,butcher,profession
noun,3,butler,profession
noun,3,cartoonist,profession
noun,3,cashier,profession
noun,5,caterer,profession
noun,2,chef,profession
noun,1,clown,profession
noun,3,comedian,profession
noun,4,coroner,profession
noun,3,custodian,profession
noun,4,dealer,profession
noun,2,dentist,profession
noun,3,director,profession
noun,2,diver,profession
noun,1,doctor,profession
noun,3,driver,profession
noun,2,drummer,profession
noun,4,electrician,profession
noun,5,employee,profession
noun,5,employer,profession
noun,4,explorer,profession
noun,3,exterminator,profession
noun,1,farmer,profession
noun,2,firefighter,profession
noun,3,florist,profession
noun,4,geneticist,profession
noun,2,golfer,profession
noun,5,governor,profession
noun,3,guide,profession
noun,2,hairdresser,profession
noun,4,intern,profession
noun,4,inventor,profession
noun,2,jester,profession
noun,3,jockey,profession
noun,3,judge,profession
noun,1,king,profession
noun,2,knight,profession
noun,4,landlord,profession
noun,4,leader,profession
noun,2,librarian,profession
noun,3,lifeguard,profession
noun,3,magician,profession
noun,3,maid,profession
noun,3,mathematician,profession
noun,4,mayor,profession
noun,3,mechanic,profession
noun,2,medic,profession
noun,3,miner,profession
noun,3,model,profession
noun,3,novelist,profession
noun,3,nun,profession
noun,4,nutritionist,profession
noun,4,pharmacist,profession
noun,2,photographer,profession
noun,2,pilot,profession
noun,4,plumber,profession
noun,4,poet,profession
noun,1,police,profession
noun,2,pope,profession
noun,2,postman,profession
noun,3,president,profession
noun,2,priest,profession
noun,4,professor,profession
noun,3,quarterback,profession
noun,1,queen,profession
noun,4,ranger,profession
noun,4,receptionist,profession
noun,1,referee,profession
noun,3,reporter,profession
noun,1,sailor,profession
noun,3,samurai,profession
noun,2,saxophonist,profession
noun,4,scout,profession
noun,3,sheriff,profession
noun,3,singer,profession
noun,3,student,profession
noun,3,surgeon,profession
noun,2,teacher,profession
noun,3,therapist,profession
noun,4,translator,profession
noun,5,tutor,profession
noun,3,umpire,profession
noun,4,valet,profession
noun,3,waiter,profession
noun,4,warden,profession
noun,5,warlock,profession
noun,2,wizard,profession
noun,2,witch,profession
noun,3,zookeeper,profession
noun,3,ambulance,vehicle
noun,1,bicycle,vehicle
noun,1,boat,vehicle
noun,1,bus,vehicle
noun,1,car,vehicle
noun,3,dumptruck,vehicle
noun,4,flight,vehicle
noun,1,helicoptor,vehicle
noun,2,jet,vehicle
noun,1,motorcycle,vehicle
noun,3,scooter,vehicle
noun,1,skateboard,vehicle
noun,4,subway,vehicle
noun,3,taxi,vehicle
noun,3,tractor,vehicle
noun,1,truck,vehicle
noun,3,van,vehicle
noun,2,blimp,vehicle
noun,3,carriage,vehicle
noun,3,sleigh,vehicle
noun,4,gondola,vehicle
noun,3,ski-lift,vehicle
noun,3,trailer,vehicle
noun,3,tow-truck,vehicle
noun,4,sled,vehicle
noun,4,golf-cart,vehicle
noun,5,hovercraft,vehicle
noun,1,racecar,vehicle
noun,1,rocketship,vehicle
noun,2,spaceship,vehicle
noun,2,submarine,vehicle
noun,4,carrier,vehicle
noun,3,battleship,vehicle
noun,3,motorboat,vehicle
noun,1,sailboat,vehicle
noun,3,cruise,vehicle
noun,4,cable-car,vehicle
noun,3,jet-ski,vehicle
noun,2,hang-glider,vehicle
noun,2,tank,vehicle
noun,4,wheelbarrow,vehicle
noun,2,canoe,vehicle
noun,4,kayak,vehicle
noun,2,genie,creature
noun,1,centaur,creature
noun,1,werewolf,creature
noun,2,vampire,creature
noun,2,gnome,creature
noun,1,cyclops,creature
noun,4,ogre,creature
noun,3,goblin,creature
noun,2,troll,creature
noun,2,orc,creature
noun,1,fairy,creature
noun,1,medusa,creature
noun,1,mermaid,creature
noun,2,minotaur,creature
noun,3,satyr,creature
noun,4,griffin,creature
noun,3,phoenix,creature
noun,1,unicorn,creature
noun,1,pegasus,creature
noun,2,dragon,creature
noun,3,bigfoot,creature
noun,4,hydra,creature
noun,2,zombie,creature
noun,3,angel,creature
noun,3,cerberus,creature
noun,4,demon,creature
noun,2,satan,creature
noun,4,god,creature
noun,2,elf,creature
noun,4,harpy,creature
noun,2,leprechaun,creature
noun,5,pixie,creature
noun,4,sphinx,creature
noun,3,kraken,creature
noun,5,imp,creature
noun,1,ghost,creature
noun,2,yeti,creature
noun,5,beast,creature
noun,2,frankenstein,creature
noun,1,mummy,creature
noun,3,siren,creature
